docs - notes on model search (#26681)
metabase/metabase: docs/questions/native-editor/referencing-saved-questions-in-queries.md

```
SELECT count(*)
FROM {% raw %}{{#5-gizmo-orders-in-2019}}{% endraw %}
```

This query returns the number of rows in our saved question.

## Model, table, or saved question as a Common Table Expression (CTE)

> The same syntax can be used in [Common Table Expressions (CTEs)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hierarchical_and_recursive_queries_in_SQL#Common_table_expression) (with SQL databases that support CTEs):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same syntax can be used in [Common Table Expressions (CTEs)](https://www.metabase.com/learn/sql-questions/sql-cte) (with SQL databases that support CTEs):
```

Looks like this link was supposed to go to the Learn article (we can get rid of the footer link too).
